CHORE: Further PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE tweaks (#624)
nationalarchives/ds-wagtail: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Waited for all CI jobs to pass before requesting a review.
- [ ] Added/updated tests and documentation where relevant.

## Merging a feature branch?

> 

Reviewer: The branch in heading can also be `chore/` `fix/`

Author: I've gone with "Merging a feature or bug fix?", as I don't think it makes sense to be too wordy here.

1. Use the `Squash and merge` option to keep the target branch's commit history nice and clean.
2. Use the message format `DF-XXX: Ticket name / short description` when merging.

## Merging a release branch?

1. Use the `Create a merge commit` option to preserve the original commit IDs.
2. Use the message format `release/<major.minor.patch>` when merging.

## Deployment guidance

1. Check on the `#dev-etna` Slack channel whether it's okay to deploy.
2. To start a deployment, push the relevant branch to the `platform` remote.

> 3. Update the `#dev-etna` Slack channel when the deployment is complete.

Reviewer: Deployment mentions in slack is currently given in `#dev-etna-dev` or `respective team channels` for that PR where it requires attention to most of us as we all are in those.

Author: It would be nice if we could make it a bit more consistent. If all devs are in `#dev-etna`, maybe just send there for cross-team visibility without the repetition?

> 3. Update the `#dev-etna` Slack channel when the deployment is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the appropriate Slack channel when the deployment is complete.
```
